[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D.
Luffy, a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years since
the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special
training to prepare
for the trials ahead.
Now, thousands of feet
below sea level,
they set sail to the next
step in their journey:
Fishman Island.
Only by passing
through its waters
may they reach the New World.
Guys! Check it out! Over there!
I think we made it!
Fishman Island!
It's huge!
[NAMI]
It's in a giant bubble!
It looks like they have clouds!
There must be air inside.
[CHOPPER]
Whoa, does that mean
we're 10,000 meters deep now?
It's not as scary as I thought.
[LUFFY laughs]
All right! We made it!
Guys! We got company!
[roars]
Well, crap. That's not good.
[NAMI]
Sea monsters! Giant ones!
[ALL scream]
So, close! And now we're dead!
[LUFFY] Wow, they look
tough! I want one!
[LUFFY]
Wait, is somebody riding 'em?
"Landing at the Fishman Island!
Beautiful Mermaids!"
Why would you allow
these foolish humans
to tell you what to do, Kraken?
[roars]
[STRAW HATS yelp]
What the heck, Surume?
Seriously, we were almost there!
Forget about all that!
Just hang on! Don't
fall off the ship!
My eyes!
Mine, too! And I
don't even have any!
[STRAW HATS sigh]
[panting]
[USOPP gasps]
[USOPP yells] Whoa, it's like a
whole circus of sea monsters!
[HAMMOND] You guys are the
Straw Hat Pirates, aren't you?
So what if we are, pal?
Maybe you better tell us
who you are first!
[HAMMOND]
You have quite the reputation.
For starters, you were the ones
who ruined the
Arlong Pirates' plans.
[gasps]
[HAMMOND]
That part makes sense at least.
But for some reason,
two years back,
when Hachi was in trouble,
you stood up for your old enemy.
And then, you clocked one
of the Celestial Dragons
right in his ugly face.
Fisher Tiger happened to do
the exact same thing
and he's the hero
of this entire island.
Fisher Tiger?
[chuckles] I'm not sure
what to do with you.
Tell it to me straight.
Are you supposed to be
our enemies or not?
How about I give you an option?
Enlist under our
banner as members
of the New Fishman
Pirates or else!
"Or else" meaning we
sink you right now.
What'd you say?
[NAMI]
Fuel up, Franky, hurry!
Huh? You got a plan?
You and I both know that Luffy
isn't gonna cooperate
with these guys.
But we're 10,000 meters
underwater right now and if we
try to fight them, we don't
stand a chance of winning,
especially not with
those sea monsters.
So, we have to go!
I need you to use all of
the oxygen we have to make
a giant Coup de Burst
so we can charge
straight into Fishman Island!
[BROOK, CHOPPER gasp]
Whoa, are you kiddin' me?
[NAMI] We've come way
too far to die here.
I agree.
It's risky, but it's likely our
only chance at surviving this.
If that's the case, I'm gonna
fill it up right away!
Franky! Steer the ship!
Everything's gonna
be just super.
Ah. Those humans're
starting to look
awful busy over there to me.
They might be up to something,
don't you think?
[HAMMOND]
Humans aren't that clever.
Whatever it is,
we can deal with it.
So, have you decided if you want
to be part of our crew,
Straw Hat Luffy?
Yeah right, you wish! Stupid!
Are you sure about that?
You did hear me say
what will happen
if you refuse, didn't you?
Guess you are the
enemy of the Fishmen!
Nothing but filthy human scum!
Bleh! Why would I
wanna work for a big
dumb fish face like you?
[CHOPPER] Cut it out, Luffy,
you'll make him mad!
That's a real shame.
You won't be seeing
Fishman Island after all.
Get ready to sink, Straw Hats.
Sea Lion!
[roars]
[USOPP grunts] All right,
filled up and ready to move!
Franky! You're up!
Roger!
[roaring, growling]
[HAMMOND]
Take them down!
Bring it on!
[growling]
Franky, let's go!
Hey, don't forget,
we got our own lion!
Maybe we can fight some
other time, all right?
Here goes. Coup de Burst!
[BOTH gasp]
Look at 'em go!
[ALL yell]
Can't breathe.
There's no more air.
[grunts] We're getting squished.
[BROOK gasps] It's hard to
breathe, and that's not
just because I don't have lungs.
Hang on! We'll make it,
no matter what!
What in the hell?
What's up with that crazy ship?
We're on our way in!
I'll be with you soon,
beautiful mermaids!
[BOTH gasp]
[STRAW HATS scream]
[LUFFY]
We lost the coating!
It got stuck when we
crossed the bubble!
[gasps] Look up there!
What could it be?
[gasps] This bubble.
It's a double structure!
A normal ship would crash
because there's nothing but air!
We're about to run
into another bubble!
You guys ready?
[GROUP gasping]
Water?
[NAMI]
This current is really strong!
[CHOPPER]
Help... me...
[BROOK]
Can't breathe.
[SANJI]
Crap. Four of us can't swim.
[ZORO]
Come on. Reach!
[SANJI]
Nami! Robin!
[SANJI] Dammit. I can't
resist the current!
[HAMMOND]
That's one way to get in.
Pretty reckless though.
Well, we can still
go in after them
if you want to, Hammond.
No way to know if they're
alive or dead though. Psh.
Yeah, let's track them down.
We can't let Neptune's
Army get their hands
on them first, now can we?
But before we do anything,
we should go back to Noah
and tell the boss what's up.
I think he'd want
to know that the man
who ruined Arlong's
plan is here.
[ICHIKA]
Hey!
Take a look!
I'll look.
I won't!
Maybe I'll look.
Who cares if I look?
Now he's moving!
He moved!
No, he didn't!
He might've moved.
Who cares if he moved?
[coughs]
[GROUP gasps]
[laughs]
All right! He's alive!
Thank goodness!
Where am I?
[CAMIE]
Oh, Luffy- chin !
It's been a while, hasn't it?
So, how are you feeling?
Ah!
Hah! Hey, it's Camie!
It's nice to see you!
Oh, Camie, you've
gotten so lovely!
Marry me!
It's been two
whole years, huh?
You haven't change a bit!
Wait a minute. If Camie's here,
then we made it to
Fishman Island after all?
Yeah, we did!
From what I understand,
we were about to drown,
but then we were rescued
by a bunch of mermaids!
That's right!
Sanji, Chopper, and I just
woke up a few minutes ago.
Guess we're pretty lucky, huh?
Lucky enough to wake up
in Camie's house.
Here catch.
Oh. So, this is your house?
[CAMIE]
My bad! I know I was supposed
to pick you guys up on
Sabaody, but I was thinking
that was another month from now.
Heh. That's okay!
Where is everybody?
Well uh. Looks like
we got separated.
Goodness. I hope they're safe.
So, they're lost?
Yeah. Before I blacked out,
I was trying to follow
them, but that current
must've pulled them off
in a different direction.
Ah, gotcha.
Well, I'm sure it'll
turn out okay, right!
They're fine.
The bonehead can't
do much underwater,
but the robot and Moss Head
are probably with him.
So, I wouldn't worry.
Right, everything'll
be just fine!
[CAMIE] I hope I get
to see them again soon.
Anyway, here you go!
I'm sure you're all freezing.
So, I made some soup
that'll warm you right up.
[GROUP cheers]
[CAMIE]
Ta-dah!
Cold seaweed soup! It's yummy!
[USOPP]
It's cold?
[CAMIE]
Mm-hm!
[screams]
That's not right,
how are you supposed
to get warm if the soup
is cold? I'm sorry!
Wha...?
I'm such a failure!
[BOTH screaming]
But your soup is great, Camie.
I'm warmer already!
[CHOPPER]
That doesn't make sense.
Come on, let me try some, too!
Your clothes are dry, everybody!
They're dry!
No, they're not dry!
Your clothes might be dry.
Who cares if they're dry?
Ah!
[LUFFY] You took care
of our clothes, too?
Wow, thanks!
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
Who are those little guys?
[CAMIE] Oh, they're
some friends of mine.
The Medaka Mermaid Quintuplets.
I'm Ichika!
I'm Nika!
I'm Sanka!
I'm Yonka!
And I'm Yonka Two!
[USOPP]
Wait, why are there two Yonkas?
They're really fast swimmers,
and pretty clever as well!
Yeah? Nice to meet ya!
I've got a lot of neat
friends here, actually.
This is the sea floor
of the Mermaid Cove,
home to the girls' dorm
of the famous Mermaid Café!
[SANJI]
Huh?
G... G... G... The Girls' dorm?
[BOTH gasp]
Uh-oh!
Please, Camie!
Tell me everything about
this Mermaid Café place!
Oh, it's just this
cute little café
where I work as a waitress.
We have a lot of pretty
mermaids there on staff.
Ah! Sounds like heaven!
Can I get you anything extra?
Sanji!
Don't die!
I won't die!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
False alarm!
I swore. I made
a promise to myself,
that for the entire time
I was on Fishman Island
I wouldn't get a
nosebleed and pass out!
[SANJI]
And I've held out for this long,
so I deserve a reward, right?
Pathetic.
[CAMIE] I know! Why don't
we go up there now?
I'll introduce you
to all of my friends!
[LUFFY]
Whoa! A turtle!
[CHOPPER]
"Sea Turtle Elevator," huh?
[CAMIE] Could you give
us a lift, Mr. Turtle?
[whistle blows]
[CAMIE] This is a coral
apartment complex.
The dorms are at the very
bottom, so rent's cheap.
The top floor's
the most expensive
because it gets natural light.
[LUFFY] Mm... Does that
mean you're poor?
And what about
Hachi and Pappagu?
[CAMIE] Hatchin got beat up
real bad about a year ago.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that.
He was protecting the Sunny
for us back on Sabaody, right?
Hatchin came from
the Fishman District,
so that's where he's been
resting and recovering.
I haven't had the chance
to see him lately,
but from what I hear, he's
getting better all the time.
Huh? He's okay?
Yeah. but it's kind of
a rough part of town.
If you guys go along
with me, I wouldn't mind
heading over there
to visit him, though.
[LUFFY]
Let's do it!
I've been wanting to
thank him face-to-face.
Sure, you got it!
And, well, as for Pappagu...
He's a super-famous
fashion designer.
So, he lives in a
big fancy mansion
in the high-class district
of Fishverly Hills!
I'm supposed to
deliver some clams
over there today.
You wanna come with me?
Wait, he's your pet.
But you two don't live
in the same place?
[giggles] Yeah, 'cause
that area's a little
out of my price range.
We have better
clams here, anyway.
[CHOPPER]
We're almost to the top!
Huh? Hey, what's that
drinking-straw
looking tube dealie?
Oh. That thing?
That's the Water Road.
The bubble craftsmen built it.
And when mermaids or
fish get inside it...
Well, hold on.
Here, let me show you.
Wow look!
So, cool!
Camie! Don't go!
It's the surface! We made it!
Luffy- chin !
[CAMIE]
Look! I'm swimming in the sky!
--[GROUP] Whoa!
--[LUFFY] I wanna do that!
Wait a sec!
If we're underwater, why do
I see a sky full of clouds?
No way! I don't get it,
but it sure is neat!
Hey! Camie!
[SANJI]
Huh? It's a girl!
Where's that coming from?
[gasps] Hey, guys!
[SANJI, LUFFY]
Huh?
Whoa.
Are these your pirate friends?
I guess that means they
didn't drown after all!
[SANJI whimpers]
You didn't come in
through the entrance
like you're supposed to,
so we were concerned.
[SANJI whimpering]
Well, hi there.
You're not as scary
as I thought you'd be.
So, you broke in?
That's pretty hot. I kinda
have a thing for pirates.
[SANJI stammering]
[gasps]
[laughs]
[laughs] It's like a
real-life fairy tale!
A coral paradise! A whole
cove full of mermaids!
[sobs]
[GROUP gasps]
What's the matter
with Sanji now?
He didn't even cry this hard
when he left the Baratie.
Finally!
I found my All Blue
after all these years!
Are you sure about that? Really?
Here, let me
introduce everybody!
That's Luffy- chin ,
he's the captain!
Yeah, nice to meet ya!
[CAMIE]
Sanji- chin 's the crybaby.
The nose guy is Usopp- chin !
That's me!
[CAMIE] And the raccoon
is Chopper- chin !
Not again!
[SANJI whimpering]
[MERMAID 527A]
Aw, why are you crying?
Come over here.
Let's dance in
the water together!
[yells]
Okay. I get it.
This is obviously
too good to be true.
Maybe... I'm destined
to die today.
That's dark!
What the heck happened to you
in the last two years
to make you this gloomy?
Isn't this supposed to be
the land of your dreams?
[LUFFY laughs]
You crack me up, Sanji!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
I don't think he's joking!
Interesting.
So, Straw Hat finally
made it to our turf, did he?
Good for him.
[gasps] Right.
Wh-What are we gonna
do about it, Boss?
[HORDY] I want you to bring
him here, and quickly.
[NARRATOR] After a safe,
if explosive, arrival
on Fishman Island, the
Straw Hats make thier way
to Mermaid's Cove, where
they recieve a warm welcome.
Unfortunately, the three
princes of the island
don't seem as cordial
as the mermaids,
and the Straw Hats
are forced to hide.
Then, just when it seems
like danger is passing,
Sanji is struck with a
shocking medical emergency.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Excitement Blow-out!
Sanji's Life Under Threat!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!